CVS-46707 Example custom node for object detection models from OpenVINO Model Zoo (#607)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: src/custom_nodes/object_detection/README.md

# Custom node for object detection models from OpenVINO Model Zoo

This custom node analyses the response of models from OpenVINO Model Zoo. Based on the inference results and the original image,
it generates a list of detected boxes for following object recognition models. 

> Each image in the output will be resized to the predefined target size to fit the next inference model in the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each image in the output will be resized to the predefined target size to fit the input of the next model in the 
```

Author: Done

DAG pipeline.

> Additionally to the detected text boxes, in the two additional outputs are returned their coordinates with information about coordinates

Reviewer: I think there's too many repetitions in this sentence - "their coordinates with information about coordinates" what does it mean? It's a little confusing.

Author: Done

```
make
```
It will compile the library inside a docker container and save the results in `lib` folder.

# Custom node inputs

| Input name       | Description           | Shape | Precision |
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:| -----:|
| image      | Input image in an array format. Only batch size 1 is supported and images must have 3 channels. Resolution is configurable via parameters `original_image_width` and `original_image_height` | `1,3,H,W` | FP32 |
| detection      | object detection model output | `1,1,200,7` | FP32 |

# Custom node outputs

| Output name        | Description           | Shape  | Precision |
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:| -----:|
| images      | Returns images representing detected text boxes. Boxes are filtered based on confidence_threshold param. Resolution is defined by the node parameters. All images are in a single batch. Batch size depend on the number of detected objects.  | `N,1,C,H,W` | FP32 |
| coordinates      | For every detected box `N` the following info is added: x coordinate for the box center, y coordinate for the box center, box original width, box original height | `N,1,4` | I32 |

> | confidences |   For every detected box `N` information about confidence level | `N,1,1` | FP32 |

Reviewer: I guess this `N` has something to do with demultiplexing? Can we link explanation here?

> # Custom node parameters

Reviewer: Where are this parameters defined? Are they configured per run in configuration file or is custom node compiled with such parameters? Can we link explanation somewhere here?
